1.0  Project GitHub Link
-

2.0  YouTube Presentation Link
https://youtu.be/3KspdCIT34I

3.0  Delivery Fuel Cost Estimator Application & Description
This app offers a practical business tool. It helps the HQ of a delivery company, Ninja Van, to estimate fuel reimbursement for delivery drivers, based on vehicle type (car, van, or lorry), distance traveled, current fuel price (petrol/diesel) and vehicle’s fuel efficiency. 

4.0  Input, Process & Output
Input
Vehicle Type
Distance (km):
Fuel efficiency (km/L)
Fuel price (RM/L)
Process 
The delivery man (user) keys in the input values such as vehicle type, distance, fuel efficiency and fuel price.
The user clicks the “Calculate” button.
The app validates the input values. If any value from any TextField is missing or incorrect, the app  shows an error message.
If values are valid, the app will get the vehicle type, distance value, fuel efficiency and fuel current price for calculations.
Fuel cost will be obtained from the formula: (Distance / Fuel efficiency) * Fuel Price.
The final fuel price will be rounded to two decimal places and updated to the state variable.
Output
The app shows the estimated fuel cost at the bottom of the screen. 

5.0  Widget List Used
Scaffold
AppBar
SingleChildScrollView
Column
Container
SizedBox
Image
Row
Icon
Text
DropdownButton
Expanded
TextField
InputDecoration
ElevatedButton
BoxShadow

6.0  Basic Validation Used
This method: void calculateFuelCost() checks that the user inputs valid numbers before performing the fuel cost calculation.
For distance validation, it makes sure the field is not empty, input is a number (double.tryParse) and value greater than zero.
For fuel efficiency validation, it makes sure fields are not empty, input can be converted to a number and a positive value.
If both validation passes, the calculation begins with the formula and clears any previous errors.

7.0  Authorship Note with Signature



(TUAN HANIS NAISHA BINTI TUAN ZAIMI - 295171)
“I confirm that this project represents my own original work in accordance with academic integrity policies. No part of the code was fully generated by AI tools such as ChatGPT or GitHub Copilot. I relied solely on lecture notes, class tutorials, and official Flutter documentation. I understand that my work may be scrutinized, and if it is found that I did not personally develop the code, marks may be deducted, or the submission may be disqualified.” 